this is the new grill on the truck it's
actually an 88 grill that I modified to
put the billet insert then I've got the
bow tie that I've got to I'm going to
paint it to match the rest of the truck
this bottom here didn't line up quite
right but I can fix that all I'm going
to do is switch these brackets here with
the ones on the bottom they're shorter
and it's going to fit better so the
truck is pretty much finished I just got
my new paint in the mail so I'm going to
put one coat of the new paint over all
this green should make it look pretty
good and then I'm going to get another
kind of white to to redo the white put
another coat on and clean it up a little
bit and then I need I'm going to get
about three cans of clear coat clear it
and buff it out so it's nice and shiny
anyway
the middle the top the grill looks real
good I like how it kind of sticks out
further than everything but this one
down here the bottom part is too low and
I'm going to fix that pretty soon so
stand back here so
that's that